Flow of website (user's view/interface)
index.html (Consent form) -> pre-questionaire.html -> instruction.html -> experiment.html -> post-questionaire.html -> end.html

Hosted at templaksh.github.io (using github pages)

Data is generated by data.js which generates the item files (similar to menu_depth_n.csv).
I use this method since it is easier to visualise the hierarchy before generating the csv files
,especially with a breadth of 6.
Example menu2_1.csv represents a menu object for breadth = 2 and depth =1 and so on.

genExperiments.js generates the experiment data files (similar to experiment.csv).
Example experiments1.csv is the experiment file that will be used by participant who is in the ordering of 1 (participantID = 1)
We also use genExperiments to generate the arrangements, ordering and trials as required by the pdf file. These additional files are stored in otherData folder and have been included at the end of the A1_P1.docx file

You can run the 2 files mentioned above with node
$ node data.js
$ node genExperiments.js

IMPORTANT NOTE: In the experiment, I changed the name of "Trials" to "Conditions" since it is what we learnt in the lecture. The number of attempts per condition is called "Trials" instead so that it ties closely with lecture materials.

The next button is only enabled after user has completed 3 trials per condition. This is to ensure that all users complete the necessary trials and conditions.

We also display the number of trials needed and number of trials completed in each condition so that the user can track his/her progress.

We store the questionaire and other data in localStorage and download it at the end of the experiment

Also, used the eventListener to enable and disable the click for radialMenu so we no longer need to just use right-click. We can use left-click (Easier for mobile devices) but we immediately disable the onclick to prevent repetition and enable it back after selection of an option.

For distance measuring, we use the onmousemove function to read the values once the user has clicked in the yellow box and stop upon selection of the option.

I also added an additional column that shows the time difference between the start and end. This is to allow us to easily see the difference instead of calculating manually each time.

The data of pre and post questionaire is downloaded at the end as "qn.json" and the experiment data is downloaded as "experiment.csv" (same as the demo)


Everything below from original README.MD
# cs4249 Assignment 1
This repository contains a basic interface and instrumentation to perform an empirical evaluation of Marking Menus and Radial Menus. You are expected to modify the code to perform the following tasks
1. Implement a new Independent Variable
2. Implement a new Dependent Variable
3. Modify tracking to record participant id, consent, pre-survey and post-survey questionnaires.

 You may fork this repository to your own Github account and clone your forked version for development. This will also help you use Github pages for hosting if you plan to conduct experiments online.
 
 ## Project Structure
 The interface is a static web project. However because of cross origin restrictions you will need a web server to run the experiment. Either turn on Github Pages(https://pages.github.com/) for your forked repository or setup a local server of your choice.
 
    ├── css                     # Style Sheets
         ├── external           
         ├── experiment.css    
    ├── js                      # Javascript
         ├── external          
         ├── experiment.js    
         ├── experiment-tracker.js
    ├── data           
         ├── experiment.csv     # Contains arrangement of trials
         ├── menu_depth_1.csv   # Menu with depth 1
         ├── menu_depth_2.csv   # Menu with depth 2
         ├── manu_depth_3.csv   # Menu with depth 3
    ├── experiment.html    

Ideally, you shouldn't need to edit any of the files under "/external" unless your experimental design requires modifications to the menu implementation. Please avoid tweaking parameters of the menu such as color, size etc. To maintain consistency across the class we will use the default parameters as provided in this repository.

### Marking Menu 
- Popup: Left Mouse Down
- Select: Stroke to leaf node
- Reset: Release Mouse Down
- Note:* Expert user's can make a fast stroke instead of waiting for the manu to pop up.
### Radial Menu:
- Popup: Right Click
- Select: Left Click
- Reset: Right Click
   
### Recommended Browsers
This repository has been tested on the browsers listed below. It is suggested you use Chrome.
1. Chrome 68.0.3440.106
2. Firfox 61.0.2
3. Safari V10

 ## Credits
This repository contains modified implementations of menus from the original contributors listed below.
1. Marking Menu : Forked from https://github.com/QuentinRoy/Marking-Menu
2. Radial Menu : Forked from https://github.com/lgrkvst/d3-sunburst-menu
